easy,good,hard,very hard,forgot:

[less intensive]
alg1:
easy = 3 times longer than previous one
good = 2 times longer
hard = same interval
very hard = 0.5 times curr interval
forgot = restart alg

[more intensive]
alg2 = 5min, 1hr, 1day, 2 days, 3,5,8,13,21,34,55,89,144,233,377… [Fibonacci series]

at new stage:
good - proceed with alg


at 5 min stage:
easy - jump to 1 day
good - proceed with alg
forgot - set card to new

at 1 hr stage:
easy - jump to 2 days
good - proceed with alg
hard - repeat after 5min
forgot - set card to new

at 1 day stage:
easy - jump to 2 days / 3 times longer than previous one
good - proceed with alg / good = 2 times longer
hard - rep after 1 hr / hard = same interval
forgot - set card to new

at 2 day stage:
easy - jump to 3 days / 3 times longer than previous one
good - proceed with alg / good = 2 times longer
hard - rep after 1 day / hard = same interval
very hard - rep after 1 hr / very hard = 0.5 times curr interval
forgot - set card to new

.
.
.
.

falling behind on schedule:-

if you fall behind 1 interval:
easy - do what easy does
good - do what hard does
forgot - set to new

if you fall behind 2 intervals or more:

good - do what easy does
hard - do what very hard does
forgot - set to new



different decks
add notes
flag card in different colors
due counts
delete card
add card, edit card
set daily review limit
browsing, searching decks
(finding duplicates, reverse cards, answer showing by default, night mode, sharing decks publicly and browsing public decks)

Pass before username?
No Duplicates
Notes label









pyglet.font.add_directory() - adds all font files in the current directory

line 522

line 874

brief the time algo applied

brief the package creation
the exe file has the code and the modules, use pyinstaller module, make it through command prompt
a software called inoscript uses you to make packages, use the folder, select all your files, icons, name and all, click it, it will combine it into an exe file, which is downloaded 

buffered = True will immediately execute the command, else it will only executed only when we fetch it

ttk is used to import new and updated styles to tkinter from the ttk module

passing an event to a function
the function is called an event handler, which receives the event

threading
Python threading allows you to have different parts of your program run concurrently and can simplify your design.
A thread is a separate flow of execution.
A daemon is a process that runs in the background.
If a program is running Threads that are not daemons, then the program will wait for those threads to complete before it terminates. Threads that are daemons, however, are just killed wherever they are when the program is exiting.

Multithreading:
The CPU execution switches between these threads very quickly and gives off the impression that the computer is running things in parallel.

types of threads:-
User-level threads: These are the ones we can actively play with within our code etc.
Kernel-level threads: These are very low-level threads that act on behalf of the operating system.

def fixed_map()
This is a developer level fix for a bug in the __style_object__.map('Treeview',foreground = ..., background = ...)
It removes excess keys that start with '!disabled' and '!selected' and only allows keys that start with 'disabled' and 'selected' that are mapped to the foreground and background attributes
This enables us to change foreground and background colours of the Treeview on demand

instead of fetching one by one, when we use buffered = True, it fetch the entire resultset for us to work on
For nonbuffered cursors, rows are not fetched from the server until a row-fetching method is called. 
In this case, you must be sure to fetch all rows of the result set before executing any other statements on the same connection, else error will come, this is useful as we are not necessarily fething all the rows in each cursor command

exe file
An executable file (EXE file) is a computer file that contains an encoded sequence of instructions that the system can execute directly when the user clicks the file icon.

secrets - Used instead of roll no. etc., as if we delete a card, and then add another one, it will have the same roll no. as the last card(im not sure abt this)

traceback
Printing the stack trace to handle the exception generated. The printing stack trace for an exception helps in understanding the error and what went wrong with the code.
(idk why you needed this, pls check and update this)


